Come on, be polite, it’s too bitter, don’t you think it’s catchy?
Both are bitter, the most herbal,
This is a waste of resources, and you will also lose a thousand things.
No, what do you mean? I worked hard and you didn’t even tell me.
It is true that herbal medicine is not easy, but this contains,
There is a certain degree of survival, which is one of uselessness.
Don't call him Yilan!
Okay, the most important thing now is unity.
I'll go ahead and put away your eldest daughter's skin and help you.
I’m not saving the big machine anymore, I’m saving the small machine.
See how you can help me?
Forget it, he's still young, don't remember it from him.
What are the rights of our education have disappeared?